Update the Dottxt model (#1845)
outlines-dev/outlines: README.md

Made with ❤👷️ by the team at [.txt](https://dottxt.co)
<br>Trusted by NVIDIA, Cohere, HuggingFace, vLLM, etc.

> <br>**[Request your Dottxt API key →](https://h1xbpbfsf0w.typeform.com/to/fwQNWmS8?utm_source=github&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=outlines)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>The .txt API is currently in early access. **[Request access here →](https://h1xbpbfsf0w.typeform.com/to/fwQNWmS8?utm_source=github&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=outlines)**
```
